Updated the install command (#42)
klauspost/asmfmt: README.md

Binaries can be downloaded from [Releases](https://github.com/klauspost/asmfmt/releases). Unpack the file into your executable path.

> To install the standalone formatter from source using Go framework: `go install github.com/klauspost/asmfmt/cmd/asmfmt@v1.3.1`.

Reviewer: Wouldn't this work?
```suggestion
To install the standalone formatter from source using Go framework: `go install github.com/klauspost/asmfmt/cmd/asmfmt@latest`.
```

Author: I'm not used to pull requests. Should I do an extra step to commit your change or is it automatically commited if I resolve the conversation?

Reviewer: @fredtux You have to commit it through the UI.
